WCSAxes warnings for 3.0 (#5244)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/5244.removal.rst

> Plotting a `~sunpy.map.GenericMap` on an `~matplotlib.axes.Axes` that is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `~sunpy.map.GenericMap` plotting methods on an `~matplotlib.axes.Axes` that is not
```
